Make September 2024 news public (#28739)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2024/2024_10.md

# MOOSE Newsletter (October 2024)

!alert! construction title=In Progress
This MOOSE Newsletter edition is in progress. Please check back in November 2024
for a complete description of all MOOSE changes.
!alert-end!

## MOOSE Improvements

## libMesh-level Changes

## PETSc-level Changes

## Bug Fixes and Minor Enhancements

## Conda Package Changes

> moose-mpi, our lowest level package, has been updated to allow users wishing to
> build their own PETSc, libMesh, WASP to do so without needing to install any
> additional Conda packages.
> 
> HDF5 has been downgraded to solve issue: [Floating Point Exception #28350](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/issues/28350)
> 
> The minimum MacOS build SDK has been bumped to MacOS Big Sur (11.3). Users of
> MacOS versions older than this, may run into the odd issue.

Author: ```suggestion
- `moose-mpi`, our lowest level package, has been updated to allow users wishing to
  build their own PETSc, libMesh, WASP to do so without needing to install any
  additional Conda packages.
- HDF5 has been downgraded to solve issue: [Floating Point Exception, #28350](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/issues/28350)
- The minimum MacOS build SDK has been bumped to MacOS Big Sur (11.3). Users of
  MacOS versions older than this may run into issues building and running MOOSE, 
  MOOSE dependencies, or other   MOOSE-based applications.
```
